feat: add new model for LocalizedString type (#12)
commercetools/test-data: README.md

  <a href="https://github.com/commercetools/test-data/releases"><img src="https://badgen.net/github/release/commercetools/test-data" alt="Latest release" /></a> <a href="https://github.com/commercetools/test-data/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://badgen.net/github/license/commercetools/test-data" alt="GitHub license" /></a>
</p>

This repository contains data models within the commercetools platform ecosystem.

> In time, we will continue to implement and open source test data models. If you are interested or missing a specific data model, feel free to open a feature request or try to contribute to the repository.

Each model is published as a standalone NPM package. Models are defined in the `models/*` workspace.

> All models are built using the `core` package, which contains the necessary methods to implement and work with models. The `core` package is very much agnostic of the commercetools platform models, so you can potentially use it to build your own models for other systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All models are built using the `core` package, which contains the necessary methods to implement and work with models. The `core` package is very much agnostic of the commercetools platform domain, so you can potentially use it to build your own models for other domains.
```

To know more about how to work and build data models, [check out the documentation of the `core` package](./core).

# Usage

> Using models is pretty straightforward. You import the package and build the model, which returns the data in the request shape.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using models is pretty straightforward. You import the package and build the model, which returns the data in the requested shape.
```
